Mama Oba is going to get you more territory soon
Xiaoxuan
When the technician goes bankrupt
After we empty out the technicians, we will immediately immigrate abroad.
Live a happy life
Apply more then.
Hello Mr. Gu
No, someone above is here to check
Said that our hotel project was suspected of illegal construction and did not allow us to start construction
What!
Spend money to take care of it. The money you transferred to us has been frozen.
Can't be used at all
OK, I see.
What is it? What happened?
The project was shut down
I'm afraid it's the spiky dog pants worn by the elves
What are you afraid of? I have his unlimited black card in my hand.
Now the clock is ticking.
I'll buy a few more tomorrow about him abandoning his fiancée
He's going to beat his kid's hit and put it on the news
I don't believe it, he can't time it.
If you don't believe me, we have to stop quickly.
Since Jin Lingchuan has already made a move
It should come against us soon
We have to go quickly
Get out of here now no
I'm not leaving, why can the universe easily get Ji Ling's kick in a love letter?
I just want nothing in the dorm
Otherwise I'm not reconciled
Okay, what are you not going to do?
If you don't go, I'll go.